REST APIs often require template parameters
in the path of an endpoint.
This helps us identify a specific resource instance
in most cases.
that captures a product ID within its path.
That product ID can then be used
To get started, we're going to create
a new path within our Paths object.
all we need to do is add the operation
they're going to be required, so we set Require to True,
and then we define the type of data using
the schema and our datatype.
And then as always, we can provide some sort of example.
And then anytime we have an operation,
we know that the Responses object is required,
and since we've already defined a 200 response,
we're going to borrow from our other operation,
and we'll just come up and provide that response.
Now in this case, we're not going to be returning an array,
so we'll have to do some modification here.
Instead of our type being Array,
we simply set that to Object, and that denotes
that we're only going to be returning one object.
And that means we can get rid of our items property,
and here we just fix the indentation within our YAML markup,
and now we've defined our new API operation
that leverages the template parameter
that we've defined within the path.
In addition to path variables, we can also specify
that a request header or cookie
is expected to be sent to an endpoint
by changing the In property.
So if we add another parameter to our operation,
we can specify that we would like
a header to be provided with each request.
So let's say that we're putting some sort
of custom security header in place for our request,
and let's say that it's not required.
That's only in certain cases.
And then what we can do is specify the schema
for this header parameter by specifying its type
and then giving another example.
So here we see another type of parameter,
a header parameter that can be provided.
And if we now inspect our new API operation,
you'll see that our product ID, which is our template
parameter, is required, and our header parameter
is marked as Optional.
You'll also notice that we get an example
of the response that is returned
by this API operation.